Add an example on how to add API endpoint to retrieve JWT token to SwaggerUI (#1061)
api-platform/docs: core/jwt.md

![Screenshot of API Platform with the configuration API Key](images/JWTConfigureApiKey.png)

### Adding endpoint to SwaggerUI to retrieve a JWT token

> We can add `POST /authentication_token` endpoiint to SwaggerUI to conveniently retreive the token when it's needed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We can add a `POST /authentication_token` endpoint to SwaggerUI to conveniently retrieve the token when it's needed.
```

![API Endpoint to retrieve JWT Token from SwaggerUI](images/jwt-token-swagger-ui.png)

> To do it, we need to create a `SwaggerDocrator`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To do it, we need to create a `SwaggerDecorator`:
```
